hello I'm Thomas Coley and this is Joe
Carroll and today we have a look at the
new Ultimate angling commercial set of
pole floats now I've seen these
advertised and obviously they've been
sent in front of you and contained it
really impressive and then no new fans
were very impressive as well I think
yeah yeah I mean I've submitted with the
bands of blacks and a lot of our lads
I've had a bit of input into these folks
definitely you see a lot of thoughts got
into them and I know Nick speeds an
awful lot to do with it and he's an
awesome commercial you know is record on
on commercials really speaks for itself
so let's have a look at the range
firstly we've got quite a large body
patent yeah I've got a bit of pace type
flow here we've got it's got a decent
length Bristol probably two inches long
I suppose
nice short stem so it dead quick
they go up to a gram no I got a nice
spring a high so they're really
important you know that spring day I
mean yeah and all that man was firing
fault with a lot of the sort of modern
commercial flows because they come apart
you got a couple of carp on them and you
end up having to buy a new float every
time you go I mean these flights have
all got to stand going through into the
into the bristle so really strong
absolutely it's a nice thick carlo
bristle for visibility as well yeah
definitely what about this one
that's been interesting this fly
actually I'm now Nick came up with this
one it's a very long slim fly I should
design for public fishing and it's
designed to get under the surface skin
sorta like that the skin and it don't
pick up stays nice and stable I mean
they were really popular pattern at the
moment pencil floats art and wherever
you go it's a lot of anglers using them
very involved man that are interesting
or talking to Roger Mortimer and be
picked up and the first thing you said
about that ID thought it a great hand
float so we've got more applications
than that maybe same may be said of
husband Isis of a duck down well but
absolutely and then maybe the next one
would come through is a couple of
dippers which are obviously great for
shallow work yeah I mean this one's
really like a just a typical shouldered
shallow fishing pattern what we do with
that one for Joe channel or on Shelikof
fishing pallets casters
and if Eli out to start to a three-foot
date yeah I know you were saying you
think that one's probably better for you
wooden deeper down in the water what
yeah definitely I think that definitely
very far for yeah absolutely and then
this one maybe for shallow yeah this
little ice is like a little in life slap
before I absolutely ideal fishing up
just off of a foot they inline flow very
strong cat really get this float angle
because the lion exits at the top I know
that's not brilliant it's an angle proof
and obviously you know you're not as
likely to damage it went very very
strong very strong flow and these
diamonds these have been a really
popular pattern in recent years I mean
there's quite a few other ones on the
market but this one's unique really and
it's little bit steeper I think
obviously the spring guy on it as well
that's going to last after swelling yeah
I mean like you say I mean these
patterns have been familiar what really
popular with general commercial fishing
just a versus table great for sort of
meat legend on the vetcorps - you're not
great fishing for big bass for the calf
yeah I mean the nice thing about this
set as well as you don't just get one of
each why do you know you get a quite a
comprehensive range of patterns for your
money you get sort of four of each of
the bigger patterns the pencil float the
body drops lower on the diamond float
and then you get three over two to a
dipper patterns yeah and you get a nice
little chew for a set of inscription
inside telling your all the best well
giving you a rough idea what rigs to use
more shrine pass use and the feel and a
little tips and that as well and you get
a picture of your handsome team on there
as well for with a good measure data
bars a few what somes on there but
they've missed you often think that's a
good so overall a really impressive
range of floats and I'll certainly be
using them the 20 quid you can get them
from Altima direct cold are you okay
you